feat(migration-tool): add 7.9.1 info (#783)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/migration-tool.md

This is due to the fact that improvements in any version of the Migration Tool can affect all supported versions of Bonita.
This changelog must be read before [migrating to a newer version of Bonita](migrate-from-an-earlier-version-of-bonita-bpm.md).

## 2.42.0 - July 4th, 2019 (Bonita 7.9.1)
This version of the migration tool migrates Bonita up to version 7.9.1.

> * BS-19362 Migration tool: NullPointerException when replacing connector implementation with Java 11-compatible one in migrate_to_7.9.0 step

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BS-19362 NullPointerException when replacing connector implementation with Java 11-compatible version (in Bonita 7.9.0 migration step)
```
